---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: CPT Blog
description: Overview of project
type: hacks
courses: { compsci: {week: 3} }
---
## Overview
46% of Americans experience diagnosable mental health conditions at some point in their life. Mental Health affects a large percent of the population and those who do not have diagnosable issues are not exempt from having to make time to take care of their mental health. This website not only gives a preliminary diagnosis but also provides a platform for users to give updates on their life and mental capacity, vent to AI and get helpful feedback from the comfort of their own homes, but also provides games to help increase attention span, calm mood, and more! 

# My Feature(s):
## Feature #1:
This feature is a log site which allows users to input logs about their mental health that then gets added to a database that is retrieved upon every submission. This helps to track mental health, watch mental stability, and provides a place for users to explain how they feel

## Feature #2
This feature uses OpenAI GPT-2 through a tokenizer and allows for AI to read the user input talking about their mental health and proivdes helpful feedback. 

Link to college board requirements: https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/media/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf

College board requirements met-
Use of at least one list to represent collection of data stored and used to manage program complexity.

An algorithm that includes sequencing, selection, and iteration that is in the body of the selected procedure

At least one procedure that contirubted to the program’s intened purpose where you have defined: the name, return type, one or more parameters:

Instructions for output (tactile, audible, visual, or ) based on input and program functionality

# PART B- VIDEO

Input to program- Text is inputted to database for mental health log
At least one aspect of the functionality of your program- shows previous logs and AI generated response to inout
Output produced by program:	The log bieng inputted into the database and showing all other logs.
No voice narration
Less than 1 min long and less than 30 MB file size


<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Video Example</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Video Example</h1>
    <video width="320" height="240" controls>
        <source src="file:///Users/ananyaasudani/Downloads/import%20flask.webm" type="video/webm">
        Your browser does not support the video tag.
    </video>
</body>
</html>
